# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

what went well, I feel confident on the material we have covered so far regarding html + css + bootstrap + wire framing. I feel as confident as one can with CSS, sometimes it works like a dream other times you spend 30 minutes and it looks worse. That seems to just be the nature of the beast. I am sure with practice I will find a comfort zone with my styling. 

I learned a lot, nothing would be a shock or surprise. 

I don't know how to cd back 1 level. I'll just google it sometime. I can CD back to the very beginning but that isn't helpful. 

I hit 1.5 of 3 stretch goals. At one point i had a more functioning nav bar but trying to make it look better I removed some of its functionality. Clicking it still send you to top when on mobile. I never attempted to put in a video. I was willing to but didn't see the opportunity. Was considering putting a music video, "all the small things" for the band picture but didn't. Victory is i'm excited for week 2 where I know I will be tested much more but i'm ready. 