# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


Monday:
material made sense, afternoon assignment was was easy, was done w/n an half hour and knocked a few stretch goals out. 
Tuesday:
95% of the lecture went one ear and out the other. I was so lost i didn't even feel confident asking a valid question. I sat around angry and confused.
went to fireside- the if statements I was confident with, the other ones... not so much. 
Wednesday:
i felt really confident about wednesday material. I did well with the assignment, didn't get it all done but what i didn't do i could white board with confidence. This was despite me compromising my conative abilities. 
I liked the whiteboard wednesday.
Thursday:
I felt alright with the material, the afternoon group assignment I more or less commanded the group's project. that might not be the best for them, but i knew what we needed to do and i wasn't waiting for them to catch up. I explained when they hesitated. 
friday:
felt really confident about the assignment. I was thinking all week about what the checkpoint would be and honestly it was easier than I expected. When i was actually told what it was I was like hell yes. I figma'd and made some empty functions that i knew i would use later. It was as if I saw all the mini-steps in my mind. I got the base objectives taken care of before leaving. 

struggling with filters 
struggling when they don't use basic notation in lecture

victory: dominated a few key elements of the class this week and built confidence despite tuesdays mire. 