# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?



I watched the videos on sunday and that helped A LOT. I would suggest the next class be told it is required prior to monday. Feel good going into the checkpoint. Haven't typed a line of code yet, but i know the road block will be check boxes with memory. Check boxes is something we haven't gone over. My current plan is to pretend they dont exist get everything else working comeback and take down goliath. I am choosing this method for anxiety reasons. Instead of getting caught up doing what I dont know i'm going to knock rest out and then all i have to do is revise to the requirements. Wish me luck. 

WOOOO, this was by far the toughest project. Low bar so far to be honest. Things that went well. I ran into a bunch of mess ups that I did, however I was able to figure out how to solve them. Many times it took my 2nd or 3rd solution to get it, but I learned. Things that hung me up were the check boxes *which I anticipated* as well the task counter. I originally tried a function *that is what I feel most at home with* however that only fixed the first list. I know this was because I was getting an ID and the template would therefore create many ids and ids dont work that way. Long story short I figured out I needed to make a getter to put them into the template like we did with the tasks originally. I then had an issue with the completed one. I had to resort to an old fashion for loop to make it work, when the fancy ways were not working. Please with my project. 

THings to ask about, unchecking my checked boxes. why my function doesn't work both ways. I designed it to, but it doesn't. dont know. 

biggest victory, turing a bug into a feature. LMAO